1 A course guide is also called a syllabus.
	True
	A course guide, or syllabus, is like a contract between professor and student. It outlines important information and policies for the class.

2 Unit activities begin on which day?
 Activities begin on Monday and end on the following Monday at 9:00 a.m.(Pacific Time).

3. Because this course is based in the United States, what type of English is required in assignments?
 Participants are required to use American English on assignments. Therefore, you will need to use American English conventions and spellings of words. However, please appreciate the linguistic diversity in the discussion forums as students in the course are from all over the world.

4. Each unit should take how long to complete?
	4-5 h / unit
	
5. How does peer review differ from peer assessment?
	Peer assessment is different from peer review because your grade for these assignments will be calculated based upon the average of the grades assigned to you by your peers. The averaging process eliminates the highest and lowest scores and averages the rest of the grades. Peer review will be based solely on participation.
	
6.What is the passing percentage for this course?
To pass this class with a certificate of completion you must score at least an 80 percent over all. Success, however, will depend on your initial reason for taking this course and upon what you actually accomplished toward your goal. Although many of the assignments are not connected to a point value, they are essential to your learning how to be a better writer and, ultimately, on your ability to do well on the quizzes and assignments

7. You are more responsible for your learning in an online class than in a face-to-face class.
You are more responsible for your learning in an online class because rather than go to class and have homework, you are the only one responsible for taking the time to do the classwork, complete assignments, and manage your time and deadlines.

8. You should ask for help in the discussion forums when you need it.
The technical help (can’t open things, technical difficulties, etc.) is called Technical Assistance. If you need help with a particular unit’s information about writing, use the Unit Content Questions discussion forum (for example, Unit 2 Content Questions)..

9.For your journal assignments you will need to select a handwritten form or a free blog / journal tool outside of this course.
	Starting in Unit2, you will be asked to do some writing practice assignments in a journal. You may use any journal tool that you choose, including paper and pencil. An easy to find online journal tools is to search “free online journals” and find a tool that you like. A blog tool, such as Wordpress or Blog Spot, would also be an appropriate way to keep your writing practice assignments online. You may also choose to use a word processing file or a Google.doc to store your writing assignments. Whatever you choose, you will need to have those practice assignments later when you take quizzes and complete your final paragraph assignment. Just because they do not have points attached, does not mean that they are optional! Your success depends on your completing everything.
	
10. We discourage anything posted in the discussion forums as "Anonymous."
You should be able to put your name on all of your comments and questions in the discussion forum. If you unintentionally post as "Anonymous," please edit your post to mark your name. While there are reasons a student may wish to post anonymously, that feature is often used to violate the honor code, and we wish to support an open learning community. The instructors and CTA's can see your name anyway!
