1. What is the difference between a “traditional” or “regular” online course and this Coursera course?
This course has less instructor interaction than regular online course, has many more students than a regular class, and is not self-paced. Everyone moves through the units together.

2. Online courses are much easier, overall, than face-to-face courses. 
 False 
 They are generally more difficult because they require independent learners who have time to work on completing the course
 
3. The most important thing I learned from creating my calendar was: 
 Thing seem to be clear. (optional answer, type in whateaver)

4. The one thing that I will have a difficult time scheduling is: 
installing celendar on WIn 8.1 (optional answer) 

5. The most important three things I will need to pay attention to on the “successful online learners’ Tips list” are: (check three important things that you will have to make sure you do or that may be difficult for you) 
Have Reliable Internet Access
Read Carefully
Get Organized!
Polish Your Computer Skills
Participate
Log-In Regularly
DO NOT Procrastinate!

6. What are the three types of “work” found in an online class? 
Content Activities, Interactive Activities, and Evaluative Activities

7. Online classes require more time than their face-to-face counterparts. 
False. It may seem like this is true; however, if you were taking a face-to-face class, you would have hours in the classroom and hours doing homework and studying. They actually should take the same amount of time to complete.

8. The most important thing to do to be successful in the following list is: 
NOT YET

9. In an online discussion forum, it is important to do which of the following:
All of the above

10. Many online students are surprised to find that they get to know their fellow students better due to the increased level of student-to-student interaction 
true. Yes. Even in a MOOC, there is an increased level of student-to-student interaction throughout the duration of the class. You will also find that you can seek out like-minded people who have similar goals and/or interests.